art against
so
dominique
but here is no ladder over the pack
the most populated
one this yard
will
this moment
in his name
this tocard
we can
okay
every gesture counts
so far in the back the site
in the same sense the most basic
we are not on a year under his eyes
according to comscore
me kiejman
good 6
I rejoice
but as I am
for once
Yes
okay
ouattara
apple
Valerie
at the stadium
we you
the club must be respected
she
and any other
not to make a joint offer for you
before he worked speech
extramarital affairs has by giving him the same words
a prophet
as for her
etc.
she
I can tell you that we
suffering from mental disorders
knowing that it is